# set up Zsh completions with plugins
mattmc3/ez-compinit
zsh-users/zsh-completions kind:fpath path:src

# omz stuff
getantidote/use-omz         
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/argocd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/asdf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colored-man-pages
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/command-not-found
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fluxcd
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gcloud
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/gh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/helm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectx
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/podman
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/thefuck
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/web-search

## omz lang support
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/golang
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ruby

# misc pluginss
Aloxaf/fzf-tab
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer
